h2. Overview

The Expander Plugin is a simple little jQuery plugin to hide/collapse a portion of an element's text and add a "read more" link so that the text can be viewed by the user if he or she wishes. By default, the expanded text is followed by a "re-collapse" link. Expanded text can also be re-collapsed at a specified time

The plugin consists of single method, .expander(), with a bunch of options.

h3. Options

I need to clean up the options object. Until I get around to it, the following options are currently available:

  <pre>
  slicePoint:       100,  // the number of characters at which the contents will be sliced into two parts.
                          // Note: any tag names in the HTML that appear inside the sliced element before
                          // the slicePoint will be counted along with the text characters.
  widow:            4,  // a threshold of sorts for whether to initially hide/collapse part of the element's contents.
                        // If after slicing the contents in two there are fewer words in the second part than
                        // the value set by widow, we won't bother hiding/collapsing anything.
  expandText:       'read more', // text displayed in a link instead of the hidden part of the element.
                                    // clicking this will expand/show the hidden/collapsed text
  expandPrefix:     '&hellip; ',
  collapseTimer:    0, // number of milliseconds after text has been expanded at which to collapse the text again
  expandEffect:     'fadeIn',
  expandSpeed:      '',   // speed in milliseconds of the animation effect for expanding the text
  userCollapse:     true, // allow the user to re-collapse the expanded text.
  userCollapseText: '[collapse expanded text]',  // text to use for the link to re-collapse the text
  userCollapsePrefix: ' ',
  useTitleText:     false, // display the full next in the title attribute

  /* CALLBACK FUNCTIONS
      ** all functions have the this keyword mapped to the element that called .expander()
  */
  onSlice: null, // function() {}
  beforeExpand: null, // function() {},
  afterExpand: null, // function() {},
  onCollapse: null // function(byUser) {}
</pre>
